Prepare the release for 2.13.0 (#655)
pdepend/pdepend: CHANGELOG.md

pdepend-2.13.0 (2023/02/28)
==========================

- Added [\#636](https://github.com/pdepend/pdepend/pull/636): Add support for NULL, DEFAULT and NEW as enum case.
- Added [\#651](https://github.com/pdepend/pdepend/pull/651): Add a follow on mastodon link to the footer on the website.
- Fixed [\#633](https://github.com/pdepend/pdepend/pull/633): Fix parsing for new with parentheses.
- Fixed [\#641](https://github.com/pdepend/pdepend/pull/641): Improve UTF8 encoding process.
- Fixed [\#637](https://github.com/pdepend/pdepend/pull/637): Prevent the use of a not set id value in the AbstractASTType and AbstractASTCallable.
- Fixed [\#642](https://github.com/pdepend/pdepend/pull/642): Fix [\#638](https://github.com/pdepend/pdepend/issue/638) Unexpected Token with double class modifiers.

> - Changed [\#644](https://github.com/pdepend/pdepend/pull/644): Implement generic visit method.

Reviewer: Maybe more relevant for the consumers:
```suggestion
- Changed [\#644](https://github.com/pdepend/pdepend/pull/644): Correct collection of Enum and Intersection type information during analysis
```
